IGAPP-598: Adjust documentation for ts and add section for adding new languages (#340)
Integreat/integreat-app: translations/README.md

## Content

- [Supported Languages](#supported-languages)
- [Adding new languages](#adding-new-languages)
- [Export and import workflow](#export-and-import-workflow)
- [Conversion between JSON, CSV and ODS](#conversion-between-json-csv-and-ods)
- [Used file formats](#used-file-formats)

## Supported Languages

All supported languages and language tags can be viewed [here](src/config.ts) or in the [wiki](https://wiki.tuerantuer.org/integreat-languages).

## Adding New Languages

You need to follow several steps to add new languages:

- Pick the correct tag for your language: https://iso639-3.sil.org/code_tables/639/data

>   - Normally the two letter [ISO 639-1](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ISO_639-1) language tag should be used.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Usually the two letter [ISO 639-1](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ISO_639-1) language tag should be used.
  - Check websites in the target language like Wikipedia or government websites. This could reveal what people are used to in the language.
```
